Dan DeCamillo
11-14-07
Lab 8 Written Answers

Q1:

	(i)	Hide Implementation Details refers to hiding information,
			encapsulation, abstraction, and modularization in order for it to be
			modified later by the programmer and not by the user.
	
	(ii) Choosing a small orthogonal set of primitives means that there should
			 be a limited set of methods to do a task or set of tasks.

	(iii) Don't reach behind the users back means that libraries and programs
				should not write secret files or modify global data.  This also means that a
				program should be careful in what it changes.

	(iv) Do The Same Thing refers to operations and related topics to be
			 completed the same way each time and share some common name that is
			 recognizable.  This also refers to both internal and external code.

Q2:

	In the first C implementation global variables are used, the caller must
	open and close files,	nothing is saved from one line to the next, theres
	no way to access anything after its been placed, and the code is interwoven
	therefore making it very difficult to change properties.

Q3:
	
	The improvements are as follows; the fields are numbered from 0, returns
	from the last line read, fields are separated by commas, quotes can be read,
	fields can only be read and not changes, and can read lines of any length.

Q4:
	
	The first revision still uses global variables, and the functions are
	still interwoven dependent on each other. The data that is input is also
	still lost and is not stored or accessible at a later time.  The program does not have the
	ablility to take in more than one file and parse more than one csv at a
	time.

Q5:

	The C++ implementation uses a class to properly hide the implememntation
	details. The C++ implementation uses strings and dynamic vectors to store
	fields therefore making the program not have to uses statically assigned
	arrays. 

Q6:

	For the most part the C++ implementation adheres to most of the topics
	discussed in the interface lecture.  The C++ program properly hides
	implementation by using a class structure.  It also uses a small set of methods to
	complete its goal.  By using vectors there is no static allocation of memory
	therefore the program does not reach behind the user's back and the data
	is still accessible.  Also the C++ implementation uses common names and
	functions both internally and	externally.

Q7:

	See Csv.java, and test.csv	
